Two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.
An old fashion pub, Employees are dressed in old fashion wear and alcohol comes in jugs.
businessman attempting to buy drugs.
the man is naked.
A guy sells drugs by the street.
Naked men cooking steak.
A young child reacts to the facial gestures of an adult.
Children playing soccer with an adult in the background.
Children holding a rainbow flag and colorful balloons are walking together with an adult leading them.
A man is naked as slides down the ramp.
The adult put together the map.
A young child is digging in the dirt with an adult who cannot be seen.
Wow.  The Senate pretty much told the orange one to suck eggs.  Now the Coast Guard is too?
An adult and child are playing in the ball pit.
A half naked man is taking pictures for later use.
A naked baby and toddler on the floor covered in paint, the toddler putting her hands on the baby's head.
A group of naked people punch the air.
Nothing less than mutual masturbation by the purveyors of a medium that has lost touch with readers.
A naked man threw a blue and yellow device at an ugly tree.
What is the basis for FGM? Extreme misogyny, jealousy of women's ability to grow life, hatred of women's sexuality. I cannot fathom the reasons for this kind of torture and mutilation! Perhaps if the head of a man's penis also had to be removed at the same time a woman's clitoris was removed this butchery would come to a quick end!
A young adult is standing with her back to the viewer with a backpack on one shoulder.
the man is naked on the train.
The little boy with the yellow and blue striped shirt is playing a board game with an adult.
a man is half naked breathing fire.
AK Coho: maybe you think that video bragging about grabbing pussy was fake?
The old man is naked.
The protesters are protesting for same sex marriage.
An adult women pets her cat.
A black puppy chewing on an adult brown dog.
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle.
An adult watches a child somersault into the pool while another child looks on.
A woman wearing black and gray clothing is holding a baby wearing a holiday themed jacket and an adult chef's hat.
Protesters are demonstrating against violence in Iran.
A somewhat naked man is doing something.
