flush your brain with salt water.
The ONLY thing this 'special' counsel is for, is constant leaks that create salacious headlines painting the Trump administration in a dark way. Years of this will bring down the polls which is ALL they care about. Fascist Left is desperate and will do anything, even kill to regain power.
YOU are a friggin riot!  Wow!  Also informative to some degree.  Yeah, please keep it up.
Cops...unaccountable, violent, useless, revenue-generating gendarme of the nanny-police state. FIRE THEM ALL.
Whatever else, the links presented here between a lower BAC and a reduction in alcohol related accidents and fatalities are far from clear. It the Globe is going to come out in favor of reduced limits, it owes readers a more comprehensive & statistically coherent analysis. What is presented here could reflect the truth (by coincidence not skillful analysis), but it could just as easily prove the maxim "lies, damn lies and statistics".
Yeah, we know, we know. That's what every trump apologist says about EVERY news outlet that dares to tell the truth about the bully in the white house, bless their ignorant hearts.
coward/.
This POS stupid show belongs in their outhouse.
Say what? I have this feeling from your comment that you are in the 'just get over it' camp when it comes to rape. And the bit about being 'joined' is pure garbage.
He was a disgusting person in all respects.  He will have much to explain to God.
Are you serious, or is that your tongue in your cheek? If its not your tongue, what the hell is it?
Civil Comments has failed if it lets racist and misogynist comments like yours stand.
F^#* That talking MONKEY.
Because there's no comparison. I disliked Stephen Harper intensely and never voted to support him being in power, but at least he wasn't an infantile, ignorant, narcissistic psychopath.
After the massacre in Orlando, Muslim leaders and gay rights activist exonerated Islam and blamed Trump .
Just accept it; M'blabs is a thoroughly useless individual...
Real good there, Richard. You make us haves look like total jerks. Thanks a bunch, buddy. Just sayin...
I agree.  This is getting ridiculous.  No wonder the cement train is so messed up, with people like this making decisions.  This guy is turning Hawaii into a rotten banana-republic with his insistance that he is right and the 9 Supreme Court Justices are wrong.  Wake up Hawaii and get rid of this guy asap.  His stubborness has reached a level that is hurting our entire state. The rest of the world is laughing at us because of this.
brad12>  Now you really getting nasty by threatening me with bodily harm, what a dummy you are!!!!  Also, are you making excuses for not being able to sleep at nights because you're having nightmares, ha, ha, ha!!!  Likely story that you are admitting to being a real nut job to all on this post.  No pity for you, only a growing dislike for the likes of you who live in the leeward coast.  I know a lot of people on the leeward coast, some of them good, some of them very bad people.  You must belong to the very bad people group, right????  Logical!!!!  I'm a homeless person, with no home, how's that grab you pink okole, huh????  War, you ain't seen anything, too bad for your candy-ass!!!!  Yes, you have shown your true colors................. You deserve ONLY TO BE PITIED!!!!
Trump himself is a vulgar self proclaimed p grabber. The dotard asked for it.
RS, watch what you say.  She might be one nasty, "cute", b#tch with moke brothers.
Can't imagine how many people will come out of the woodwork for 10 million. There are a lot of desperate Americans out there. Then what? For each potential case Flynt will have to prove that it is true. By then Trump will be out of office. We talking years. Idiot.
enuff of the scary area already.  that's what u say about everyplace.  u sound stoopid.
Please stop with this "persecution" bullsh*t.  If one is a complete and irredeemable DELIBERATE IMBECILE (for example, the aforementioned "Flat Earthers",) it's not "persecution" to point out that uncomfortable truth.
Trump is rather stupid. He should have at least waited until the indictment is revealed before commenting. Are we tired of all the winning? I tend to think Trump misspoke and meant to ask whether we would be tired of hearing him whine every day. It is just another day in the adult day care center at the White House. Lol.
Trump is just as much of a slobbering mouth-breather as all of his ignorant fans.
The representatives of the government in power should be in the position, all things being equal, to offer appointments and positions at its disposal as it thinks fit.  If there is a law against it doing so, that law should be abolished.  If a government cannot use patronage appointments in the open to smooth its agenda then it will do so in the shadows.  Of course a government that uses patronage appointments recklessly, putting someone in a position where he/she is in over their head, will sooner or later be recognized as incompetent will have to face the consequences.  Governments should be allowed to act foolishly, essentially against their own long term best interests, in this regard.  That's one of the reasons we have elections; to get rid of foolish, incompetent governments.
For 2 months my email box filled daily letting me know you put a gold star on my posts, and on over half of my posts you replied positively and added to the debate. You even stated you wished I could be more liberal with my comments toned down for this board. Then you learned I smoke pot and now you're posting crap like this, even when you're in agreement with what I said. Does your bigotry towards pot know no shame or dignity? You're now acting like the racist who agrees with me, until he learns I'm Native American and then starts treating me like I am black. Your dysfunctional behavior is quite curious to me, and especially from a man of your age.
Yes.  It frees you up to think both parties capable of vast stupidity and call it stupid, or wrong when suggested by either party, like I've done numerous times in this thread to multiple posters, and makes idiotic tactics like yours trying to base an argument or such stupid relativity pointless.  I'd suggest you try it some time but you probably lack the necessary wherewithal.
More bullshit from Dumb Dumb Donald. He's got all kinds of "secret" plans. What a clown.
Such BS. TRUMP IS NOT THE "Target" OF THE INVESTIGATION. TRUMP DID NOT OBS JUSTICE, AND COMEY WAS FIRED BASED ON THE RECOMMENDATION OF SESSIONS. STOP PRINTINTING THIS SHIT ALREADY!
Grumpy and stir-crazy here!   ;).
The idiots of Canada.
What a silly position for the Trump administration to take. The Nigerian government has the ability to buy all the weapons it needs to combat Boko Haram. What Nigeria lacks is a government with sufficient integrity and support from Nigerians to carry out any campaign against the enemy. The generals are too occupied with enriching themselves at Nigeria's expense to fight. These weapons will simply be sold on the open market, not used for the purpose for which they were intended.
